hi in today's video I will show you how
you can generate style consistent
characters using our new tool create M
to XL image and the in painting tool
first off we will create our
Sprite I will be creating a jrpg fantasy
game NPC character make sure you like
all the other settings and then uh press
generate
all right let's uh clean him up a
bit and I'm clicking uh e for
remove uh all right and we can use the
new reduce colors in case there are some
colors are pretty close but slightly
different we
can reduce the amount of
colors nice then we can just quickly go
in and fix the
last last
things as we see
fit all right you can click control h to
get the um dialogue back
up and yeah now I want to show you how
you can create new style consistent
characters for this we'll use in
paint so let's ask for a
jrpg Fantasy
character
um in
a uh suit of
armor and what we will do is we're going
to in paint go to the layer called in
painting and uh let's
draw so the more we let the uh model see
of our character it the better it will
be at copying this
style it will also when copying style
will also have a tendency to uh follow
follow the colors that are being used so
let's uh in this case let's just show
the face and hopefully that is enough
information for the model to understand
that yeah the style of the
character uh
yeah let's see we can also go in
here uh I guess can say single black
color outline basic shading I think was
medium detail and then we can click uh
generate and as as you can
see it really wanted to uh reuse the
uh oh I accidentally had a be
there uh but yeah it has a tendency to
want to reuse the
colors that's uh try
again if the B was the issue
uh all right so let's see I think
that's quite style
consistent so yeah that this is a good
way of um copying
style and uh once you done the body if
you want you can go in and you can
um and let's
say you can give them a helmet or you
can say in
with the blond
hair uh what's important to know when
you use in painting you want to describe
the whole image and not just the U the
part you're trying to in
paint that's something
a lot of people usually accidentally
make a mistake
about uh and also another thing is like
the model wants to use all of the in
painting kind of so if you think like
the hair is too big what you can do
is uh
just make the in painting
smaller and the uh hair will
also be smaller once you generate
all right so we went from this to this
uh to this looks pretty good now
let's let's show you how to how you can
rotate your characters
so sometimes or it happens that the
model might not give you like the per
especially um create MX MXL image has a
tendency to not really follow directions
so what you can do is you can use the
rotation tool and in this case it's
probably more like Southwest so we can
do Southwest to
South and uh just click generate
and you'll get a character facing you
instead uh all
right but what what you can also do uh
Southwest and you can go
west and if you don't really like the
results just click try again
and if you're still not happy with the
results after trying again
recommend uh trying using a init
image so I guess
maybe just removing that
actually it's kind of all I wanted to
do uh all right so let me show
you uh how you can add uh a weapon to
your character so let's say we want
a sword and shield and yeah make sure
that your description describes the
whole
character in this case we would like uh
we're going to use init image to help
the model
understand uh what we want so let's do
uh
you could do like a shield like
this and a
sword would uh be something
like this let's say then we can in
paint and we set in it image and let's
uh lower the strength a
bit then we can click
generate once we have
this I uh recommend
just maybe fixing it up a bit let's
see mess this up a slightly so let's
just quickly edit this these
things let's uh ask the model to uh
improve our sword so let's go to in
painting and let's uh in paint the
sword and let's ask uh for uh with
a um
let's see what it imagines it should
look
like I hope you found this helpful if
you have any further questions feel free
to ask them here or in the Discord
Channel and I will see you in the next
video